# Hector to Vess, via Peregrin, 17 Deepwinter

*Lady Tchurminov,*

*As I promised I would I keep in contact with you as soon as I had more information to share. It did not take long, and I’m afraid very little of it is good news. To start with though I made it back to Castle Pherae without any further trouble with the refugee’s in tow. Some will stay on Pherae lands, while others we are getting back to where they belong. Please pass along to Balthazaar that his Mother and Sister are both safe and acclimating well to castle life. Truly their songs and music bring a life to this place that has been sorely missing. Additionally envoys have been sent to the Silverthorns, but no response yet unsurprisingly.*

*I know you met with my father only briefly, but I’m sure his current condition did not escape your notice. He has (ink has bled into the paper as if a pen rested in place for too long) taken a turn for the worse. He remains bedridden and I have taken over as lord of House Pherae. Lord Hector Ostia (my father's closest friend and confidant, whose name I bear) and his daughter Lilina have journeyed over to help with the transition and to also co-council operations within the Highcliffe territories. We have decided to call our banners and begin training our men-at-arms as if this were a time of open war. The last time a cult operated within our country over 30,000 innocent people died in less than a year. I will not sit idly by and allow that to pass again, not while I can still fight. Not while I know you and your friends are standing against such reckless evil. In fact I am currently riding out to meet with some of the other houses though I will leave it at that in case this is intercepted (also I apologize in advance but I barely have the time to write this so please excuse the briefness and the lack of me taking the time for the usual proofreading and drafting). Even the lizardfolk have taken notice of some of the events happening. Slaan and some of his best warriors arrived and asked to be taught in our ways of war so they could be of help and better protect their homes. It was not easy to get my master-of-arms to agree but eventually he accepted the wisdom that we need their help. Although I can see why my knights see their fighting styles as barbaric, I have to admit they have thrown themselves into with a vigor and earnestness I did not expect. They have been good allies, and despite what anyone would say, better friends.*

*Over the last few days I have dispatched scouts and agents to the surrounding lands to investigate, specifically matters that a necromatic cult may be involved in. Of the few that have returned a grim picture is already being painted. It seems that almost all of the surrounding towns have had incidents of grave robbery at some point within the last 10 years. The strange thing in for such a crime, is that they always caught a culprit within a day or two and any items were returned (but never the corpses). Because the local leaders always caught a perpetrator the matter was largely dropped and the news never spread. One of my scouts visited an old battlefield from the Luskan war. Only a few months ago it was very easy to stumble across a loose bone or old broken weapons. Now nothing, and the Church of Kelemvore said they had nothing to do with the cleanup. If this is linked their army could be in the thousands already, although I do not think this is just about numbers. They were experimenting with the dead in that mind. Twisting bodies and souls to make something more terrible, more potent than mere skeletons and zombies. I hate to even consider the thought, but I’m coming to the conclusion that the King of Shadows was never truly beaten. Although I can’t put together a full timeline until the rest of my agent's report the first case of grave robbing took place mere days after the Battle for West Harbor. No, I truly think the previous conflict was nothing more than a feint, testing Neverwinter’s might before commiting to a full campaign. If so, please be even more careful. If they were willing to commit so much to a feint, would they not be willing to lose some pawns to draw you in for a trap?* \*the quality of the penmanship drops ever so slightly at this point. Gone are the precise lines, but instead there are hesitation marks in the strokes and slightly more splotches where the the pen sat on the paper though otherwise the handwriting is the same\* *But, if even for a brief moment, I would like to forget the politics and war. I did not entirely realize it until too late, perhaps even after you had left again into danger, but I admire the passion you conduct yourself with, the fire you bring to your cause. Back in Highcliffe, despite my hopes, I truly doubted peace could be achieved. But you did not. You made that reality, brought good but stubborn people to the light. You shone. I find myself trying to be the same light you were, and it is hard. How you can be so...strong, so confident, so willing to do what is right. It is truly admirable.*

*With all the fighting and uncertainty around myself, and especially you, I know I would regret it greatly if I didn’t tell you what I felt. I wish I (There are several words scribbled out here) had not had to see you go, and I want you to know that you will always be welcome and safe at Castle Pherae, and I hope someday I will get to see you again here...and perhaps when this trouble is laid to rest you will stay. I know we have not known each other long, and I truly have no designs on your freedom, but more and more I find myself wishfully thinking of spending more time with you, and I hope you feel the same of me. Whatever is to come, or however you may think of me, know that I will always be your friend and ally.*

*Yours in friendship,*

*Hector Royson*
