# A dream, night of 24 Deep Winter

*You dream.*

*You are once again in the darkened halls of the cathedral the Conductor named Yahar'gul. Inexorably you find yourself drawn towards the pulpit at the oppisite end. The pews, once full with hundreds of spirits in a hypnotic chant, are now empty and the room is filled with overwhelming silence. As you near the chancel you realize that the brutalized corpse of the Conductor is still strewn about. As you come to this grisly conclusion the corpse begins to reassemble before your very eyes. Once a handsome elf the conductor now bears the visage of a ragdoll stitched by an inept child.*

*“I greet you once again Vesna. Despite my hopes that our encounter would have been made under the banner of peace I was mistaken. More’s the pity for your, ah companions, but you I believe may have the wisdom to at least heed my words. At the very least when confronted with an alternate view your first response was not one of a child’s temper tantrum, violently reacting to the mere challenge of the status quo.” He makes a sweeping gesture accentuate the wounds on his body. “At this juncture all I wish of you is understanding. I, like you, once feared undeath. I was killed in this very cathedral in fact, by a cult. They raised me to wreck havoc upon the people I loved and discarded my soul when I had served my purpose. I was regulated to the Shadowfell, to suffer for eternity, for crimes I had no agency in committing. I cannot risk telling you everything, but know that the King of Shadows has begun to release us of our punishment and given us purpose both here and back home.”*

*He steps down from the chancel and approaches you until you are eye-to-eye, less than a hand's width apart. “You are a servant of the land, you wish to tend to it and see it thrive. But will you also change with the whims of the lands? The druid circles of Neverwinter fear the Mere now, because it is changing and for all their collective wisdom fear change just as much as the rest. If the land choses to adapt to my lord will you as well?”*

*He draws away from you and his voice, hitherto the same sing-song voice you heard before, projects outward reverberating off the walls in the same chant you heard before. As he finishes a refrain he addresses you one final time. “The cult that murdered me wrote that chant. Hail to the Nightmare it was called. A song to inspire fear and dread in their enemies. But I have outlasted that cult and all their crimes and I have made their mantra my own. Most mortals would call our vision a nightmare, but when I look out at the injustice existence you mortals must endure I gladly embrace the darkenss. All will serve in death Vesna, and all will hail to the nightmare in the end."*

