# Hector to Vess, via Peregrin

*Lady Tchurminska,*

*I hope that Peregrine finds you in good health within the Sword Mountains Vess. Rumours trickle back to Highcliffe that the orcs are making a grand push against Old Owl Well, but beyond that I must simply put trust in the knowledge that you and your companions are capable of keeping each other safe. That, and pray like an initiate whose hand has been caught in the coffers. My father said it helps. Not because the gods will listen mind you, but because it helps shut off the part of your mind that says you are not doing enough. I have to say I think he was on to something.*

*I have met with all the major houses of the Highcliffe fiefdom and they have all begun preparations for the possibility of war. I have also sent word to all the of the other great houses, and to King Nasher about what we have discovered and bidding them to do the same. I do not know that they will listen, but I promise you that Highcliffe will be ready when it is called to defend the realm.*

*It hasn’t been all fancy dinners, councils, and riveting sword rattling however. I’ve had what agents I can spare trying to ferret out any news about the cult and their efforts bore some fruit. They were able to pinpoint three possible hideouts that were currently in use. Houses Ostia, Caelin, and Pherae coordinated a simultaneous strike at all three locations. Based on my reports we should have been met with heavy resistance. Instead we were met with empty hideouts. At least of people, dead or otherwise. My first thoughts were that the info was bad, or the cultists had been tipped off from someone in our ranks, but I’m beginning to doubt that was the case. These hideouts were filled with notes, experimentation logs, magical apparatus, and the like. If they had been tipped off why not set up an ambush, or if they felt they couldn’t win at least destroy their notes. It’s more that they just got up and left, recalled by their masters. I can’t make sense of most of their work and deciphering the purpose of it will take time. There are eight mages in all of Highcliffe that I know of, and only two of them that I would actually trust with looking through this information. I will be reaching out to the Many-Starred Cloaks for their expertise in the matter to expedite the process. Of what I could make sense of is that these cells seemed to be taking orders from someone they identify as ‘BG’, though I’m suspecting it is an alliance of convenience. They do not write of this BG with any kind of reverence I would expect members of a cult like this to have. There actually rather condescending towards them. Of note was that this person will “...soon be dancing to the Conductor’s tune. A dance that will entice our liege.” Beyond that nothing in their notes hints to where they have gone or why. Regardless I will continue pursuing this avenue of the investigation, and will keep you apprised of the situation.*

*It gladdens me that you will spend some time here in Pharae when this is all done. There is much to be said, but I think that is best left to when we can speak in person once again. Sufficed to say you have been unsuccessful of scaring me off with your words.*

*Yours,*  
*Hector*
